hi Hiram here about a month or so ago I
bought this sport Berkeley portable
water purifier on ebay got it for what
3595 with free shipping it included the
bottle a filter and a spare filter this
was something that I was hoping to take
with me camping this summer and I wanted
to do a review of it then but over the
weekend we had a situation come up where
we received a public safety notice alert
rather saying that the South Whitehall
Township main water supply is
contaminated with E coli they found it
on the 18th we got this on the 20th and
running around the house we usually
drink filtered water brita filtered
which doesn't take care of e.coli and we
only had one or two bottles of water in
the house so I figured now is the time
to break this thing out it claims that
it removes harmful microscopic pathogens
ecoli example greater than 99.9999 one
two three four five nine percent takes
out toxic chemicals detergents
pesticides radon 222 it claims it this
filter will take all of that out so like
I said I thought rather than save it
this would be a time to break this out
and try it what happens is it has a tube
on the inside that hooks up to a filter
like this it's called an ionic
I think it was ionic absorption of
pollutants on ebay army and rather on
youtube I saw some videos where people
put color die in here and it would
filter it out so I thought maybe I try
this we've been drinking out of this
over the weekend but what happens is you
put water in it you got to drain this
tank twice to get whatever carbon and
stuff is in there out of the filter you
can suck on the straw or you can squeeze
the tank hopefully I can do this without
messing it all up squeeze the tank and
the water comes out now it's a little
harder to squeeze it that it is to suck
on the straw but if you're going to put
it in cooking pots or whatever of course
you wouldn't be able to suck on the
straw so the water comes out and it does
taste good yep tastes good so thought I
try the blue dye routine let's put one
drop there it should be plenty yikes I
really dies it
put it back in the bottle like I said
see there you have can you see that the
filter just hangs here on the end of the
straw let me pour this in
pour that in there mix it up let's see
it is blue water in their work back in
put the filter in now there's a whole
ring here so you have to make sure that
you close this thing good and tight so
that you can build up the pressure the
lint just clicks over like that squashes
the straw so that you can carry this
around with you then you just pop this
back the straw comes out should about
another class let's try it in this one
let's see what comes out clear can you
see that nice looks like nice clear
water all clear it's not blue let's put
it back into the other one this is
what's in the bottle I don't know can
you can see compared to two that's
within the water and this is what comes
through the filter and the straw bikes
clear verses nice blue so if it will
clear out if it'll strain out blue dye
hmm that's interesting it really does
filter out blue dye like that out of
water I guess it should clear out most
of the pathogens and stuff and hopefully
be a pretty safe thing to a drink from
here's the water let me try it hmmm
tastes the same let me try with the blue
this ought to be funny for my wife well
yeah sorry I did that anyway anyway
there we go the sport Berkeley portable
water purifier called you jerk generic
version got it on ebay for I said $36
with a spare filter this is supposed to
water from any source like on a creek or
whatever not with junk floating in it
but I mean Clearwater that maybe you
filtered through a coffee filter first
you can fill this thing up 160 times
from municipal water which is filtered
but might just have the chemicals and
stuff in it says you can refill this 640
x so i don't know i'll let you know in a
couple of weeks if I got anything from
the e-coli hopefully not but this has
been real handy I got to get this blue
stuff out of here before I freak out my
wife so I look forward to your input
questions remarks helpful suggestions
and as always watch for my buddy max by
now
until you try who cares about the cloud
to you until we